Jason and I moved next door to a Tiffany & Co in 2011, and while I was always curious about the engagement ring counter, it wasn't until December 18th, 2012 that I wandered into the store to check it out on a lunch break.  I fell in love with a ring instantly, and the lady behind the counter insisted that I try it on.  I left the store feeling wistful and slightly ashamed about my window shopping.  

That evening after work, I came home to find that Jason had not only bought me flowers for our date that night, he was also wearing a suit.  I was immediately suspicious, but after a delicious dinner at Scarpetta and drinks at the Jane Hotel, there was no proposal.  Instead, we planned a trip to the Museum of Modern Art the next day (we had previously scheduled the day off from work).  That night, I ended up telling Jason about my guilty little trip to Tiffany's, wondering out loud how the whole getting-an-engagement-ring process worked.  Jason did not seem to share the same curiosity and instead explained to me the molecular structure of diamonds and why they were such great materials.  At that point, all thoughts of getting engaged anytime soon left my mind.

The next morning, we got up early to try to catch "Member hours" at the MoMA.  Jason and I shared a membership, and we decided to bring sketchpads to the museum to practice our drawing skills before it got too crowded.  

We arrived at the museum a little later than we'd hoped, and after about 30 minutes of wandering about, we stationed ourselves on a bench and began sketching "The Sleeping Gypsy" by Henri Rousseau.  I looked over at Jason's sketchpad and saw that he had merely drawn a line across the page.  He insisted that he needed a "better viewing angle" and left the bench.  I went back to work on my sketch, and a few seconds later, Jason asked me to help him out with something.

I turned around, and he handed me a little blue box with a white ribbon, and the first words out of my mouth were "Are you serious?"  As I unwrapped the box, I kept thinking, maybe this is just an elaborate way of giving me earrings or something.  When I opened it, there were no earrings, but an engagement ring, and not just any engagement ring - the one I tried on just the day before!  I started crying instantly, and Jason got down on one knee and proposed, and of course, I said "Yes!"

We spent the rest of the day calling family, getting lunch at Danji, seeing the Nutcracker at Lincoln Center, and hanging out with friends.  It was a perfect day.
