Kym was always very interested in other people's matrimony, current and impending, but she also made sure to include a disclaimer about how SHE was in no rush and didn't require anything shiny of me.  I didn't need any disclaimers, though- I wanted some impending matrimony for us.

Late 2012- I went to the ring store next door (same street address as our home), determined objectively the best ring, and bought it.  Kept it inside my desktop computer among the wires and circuit boards.  It would have taken some crazy circumstances for Kym to be checking the circuit boards.  She hasn't asked me about them, even though she knows I'd love to discuss.

It's much harder holding onto a ring than not holding onto one.  Planned proposal date went from early next year, to New Years, to next week.

For people that don't know her, when Kym's not at work, she's thinking about art (music and dessert creation are art).  Our relationship has a lot of me being amazed at her creativity and talent.  We're into the MoMA.  We share a joint membership, not in the literal sense- we bought one membership and milk it collectively.  We get member hours, meaning exhibits are open to us when common non-art-illuminati get turned away.  An empty museum filled with serious paintings was it.  I wanted the Monet water-lillies room, but it was very closed, so general Impressionism was our area.

We had a midweek day off together for non-proposal reasons, so I re-purposed it.  The night before, we have a ritzy dinner date and a great time.  Falling asleep back at home, Kym tells me that at lunch that same day, she visited the ring store. Picked her favorite ones.  She didn't tell me earlier in the day because she was worried I'd think she was wedding-crazy, but the timing seemed good to me.  Keeping up my side of the conversation- not easy.  I said I just liked diamonds for their scientific properties and did some silent thinking about the inside of my computer.

She slept peacefully and I didn't.  In the morning, I rush her to get to the museum.  Member hours are only early, and my stated rationale of skipping a leisurely morning to beat a few tourists to the paintings only partially made sense to her.  I have no idea what we talked about on the subway ride.

We sit down in the chosen gallery, me internally begging the 2 or 3 others in the room to go away (member hours, of course, are almost over, so my tension level was not low). My one plan to distract her while getting the ring ready, aside from the grandeur of art, was to be sketching.  I insisted we bring sketchbooks. MoMA allows it, I'm not good at it, but it sounded plausible enough that she wouldn't be alerted. I make some weird excuse about wanting to sketch from behind her, and start fumbling with the box.

I ask Kym for help, she goes on full alert, I say my stuff and ask her my question, and she's into it.  Unintentionally turned out to be very near Starry Night, and a helpful smartphone-era security guard got a photo.  That was about 10:30 am on December 19th.  2 days before the Mayan apocalypse, so I had that base covered.
